_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: MSCA Postdoctoral Fellow at the <a href='http://www.dfa.unipd.it/en/'>University of Padua</a>.

profile:
  align: left
  image:
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: #>
  #  <p>Dipartimento di Fisica e Astronomia &ldquo;Galileo Galilei&rdquo;</p>
  #  <p>Via F. Marzolo 8</p>
  #  <p>35121 Padova (PD)</p>
  #  <p>Italy</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Why, hello there!
I am a particle phenomenologist, meaning that I study how particles manifest themselves in the world around us.
This is mostly to figure out what dark matter is, but I can generally be excited about any new, exotic particles beyond the current standard model of particle physics.
My favourite hypothetical particle is called &ldquo;axion,&rdquo; which is what most of my research and [publications](/publications/) are about.

The most powerful way to learn about the properties of axions and other particles is via global fits, which is the idea of using all available information in a consistent statistical analysis.
Global fits are the common interest of the [GAMBIT](https://gambit.hepforge.org/) community, of which I am a member.
I am an opportunistic applied statistician, in the sense that I like to use both Bayesian and frequentist/classical statistics to learn as much as possible from current and future data.

I am currently based in Padua, Italy, where my Marie-Sk&#322;odowska-Curie fellowship &ldquo;AxiTools&rdquo; is funded by the European Union.

Commit message:

Updated About section. Added more info to citations.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: MSCA Postdoctoral Fellow at the <a href='http://www.dfa.unipd.it/en/'>University of Padua</a>

profile:
  align: left
  image:
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: #>
  #  <p>Dipartimento di Fisica e Astronomia &ldquo;Galileo Galilei&rdquo;</p>
  #  <p>Via F. Marzolo 8</p>
  #  <p>35121 Padova (PD)</p>
  #  <p>Italy</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hello there and welcome to my page! I&#39;m an astroparticle physicist on a mission to unravel at least some mysteries of the Universe.

My research centres around new particles, such as axions, which may explain the existence of dark matter and solve other mysteries of modern physics.
As a particle phenomenologist, I enjoy exploring the ways in which these particles would manifest themselves in the world around us.
While axions are a particular focus of mine, I&#39;m always excited about discovering new and exotic particles beyond the current standard model of particle physics.
Most of my research and [publications](/publications) involve these topics.

To gain insight into the properties of these particles, I use statistical analysis techniques such as global fits.
These allow us to combine all available information to learn as much as possible about the properties of fundamental particles.
As an applied statistician, I use both Bayesian and frequentist/classical statistics to gain insights from current and future data. I&#39;m also a member of the [GAMBIT](https://gambit.hepforge.org/) global fitting community.

I&#39;m currently based at the [University of Padua](https://www.unipd.it/en/msca-individual-postdoctoral-fellowships), Italy, where I&#39;m working on my Marie-Sk&#322;odowska-Curie fellowship project &#34;AxiTools,&#34; which is funded by the European Union. This project aims to learn more about the properties of axions and other feebly interacting particles, improving the availability of open-source software for this field in the process.

Thank you for stopping by, and please don&#39;t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or are interested in a collaboration.
